Azure > Storage > Storage Account > Minimum TLS Version (#842)
turbot/guardrails-samples: policy_packs/azure/storage/enforce_secure_tls_version_for_storage_accounts/README.md

---
categories: ["data protection", "security", "storage"]
primary_category: "data protection"
---

> # Enforce Azure Storage Accounts Use Minimum TLS Version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Enforce Secure TLS Version for Azure Storage Accounts
```

> Enforce Azure Storage Accounts Use Minimum TLS Version is critical to secure communication between clients and storage accounts. This measure protects data by using strong encryption protocols, reducing the risk of vulnerabilities associated with older TLS versions, and ensuring compliance with security best practices and regulatory requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enforcing secure TLS version for storage accounts is critical to secure communication between clients and storage accounts. This measure protects data by using strong encryption protocols, reducing the risk of vulnerabilities associated with older TLS versions, and ensuring compliance with security best practices and regulatory requirements.
```
